docs/example.md, before:

```cpp
#include "cnn/edges.h"
#include "cnn/cnn.h"
#include "cnn/training.h"

#include <boost/archive/text_oarchive.hpp>
#include <boost/archive/text_iarchive.hpp>

#include <iostream>
#include <fstream>

using namespace std;
using namespace cnn;

int main(int argc, char** argv) {
  cnn::Initialize(argc, argv);

  // parameters
  const unsigned HIDDEN_SIZE = 8;
  const unsigned ITERATIONS = 30;
  Model m;
  SimpleSGDTrainer sgd(&m);
  //MomentumSGDTrainer sgd(&m);

  Parameters& p_a = *m.add_parameters({1});
  Parameters& p_b1 = *m.add_parameters({HIDDEN_SIZE/2});
  Parameters& p_b2 = *m.add_parameters({HIDDEN_SIZE/2});
  Parameters& p_W = *m.add_parameters({HIDDEN_SIZE, 2});
  Parameters& p_V = *m.add_parameters({1, HIDDEN_SIZE});

  // build the graph
  Hypergraph hg;

  // get symbolic variables corresponding to parameters
  VariableIndex i_b1 = hg.add_parameter(&p_b1);
  VariableIndex i_b2 = hg.add_parameter(&p_b2);
  VariableIndex i_b = hg.add_function<Concatenate>({i_b1, i_b2});
  VariableIndex i_a = hg.add_parameter(&p_a);
  VariableIndex i_W = hg.add_parameter(&p_W);
  VariableIndex i_V = hg.add_parameter(&p_V);

  vector<float> x_values(2);  // set x_values to change the inputs to the network
  VariableIndex i_x = hg.add_input({2}, &x_values);
  cnn::real y_value;  // set y_value to change the target output
  VariableIndex i_y = hg.add_input(&y_value);

  // two options: MatrixMultiply and Sum, or Multilinear
  // these are identical, but Multilinear may be slightly more efficient
#if 1
  VariableIndex i_f = hg.add_function<MatrixMultiply>({i_W, i_x});
  VariableIndex i_g = hg.add_function<Sum>({i_f, i_b});
#else
  VariableIndex i_g = hg.add_function<Multilinear>({i_b, i_W, i_x});
#endif
  VariableIndex i_h = hg.add_function<Tanh>({i_g});

#if 0
  VariableIndex i_p = hg.add_function<MatrixMultiply>({i_V, i_h});
  VariableIndex i_y_pred = hg.add_function<Sum>({i_p, i_a});
#else
  VariableIndex i_y_pred = hg.add_function<Multilinear>({i_a, i_V, i_h});
#endif
  hg.add_function<SquaredEuclideanDistance>({i_y_pred, i_y});
  hg.PrintGraphviz();
  if (argc == 2) {
    ifstream in(argv[1]);
    boost::archive::text_iarchive ia(in);
    ia >> m;
  }

  // train the parameters
  for (unsigned iter = 0; iter < ITERATIONS; ++iter) {
    double loss = 0;
    for (unsigned mi = 0; mi < 4; ++mi) {
      bool x1 = mi % 2;
      bool x2 = (mi / 2) % 2;
      x_values[0] = x1 ? 1 : -1;
      x_values[1] = x2 ? 1 : -1;
      y_value = (x1 != x2) ? 1 : -1;
      loss += as_scalar(hg.forward());
      hg.backward();
      sgd.update(1.0);
    }
    sgd.update_epoch();
    loss /= 4;
    cerr << "E = " << loss << endl;
  }
  boost::archive::text_oarchive oa(cout);
  oa << m;
}
```

Commit message:

Introduction for the example documentation

docs/example.md, after:

# Introduction
CNN is a toolkit in C++ for specifying and working with neural networks. Specifically,
the goal of the toolkit to allow straightforward definitions of neural architectures
in the form of symbolic computational graphs. Nodes in this graph, also called the 
symbolic objects are typically scalars, vectors or tensors representing input, parameters
or internal states of the neural network. Operations on nodes in this graph typically
belong to a small set (concatenation, non-linear functions, semiring operations, softmax, etc.).
CNN makes creating nodes and operations on the hypergraph fairly straightforward. Through this
example, we will explore some of the basic features provided by CNN. In the course of this tutorial,
we may also explore some advanced topics and suggest topics further reading and exploration.

# XOR with a Multi-layer Perceptron
The example we will work with is a simple feed-forward neural network
([the multi-layer perceptron](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feedforward_neural_network#Multi-layer_perceptron))
which can implement the XOR operation. The complete code for this example is at examples/xor.cc. If you
have already built CNN, a binary for this example can be found at build/examples/xor and can be run.


```cpp
#include "cnn/edges.h"
#include "cnn/cnn.h"
#include "cnn/training.h"

#include <boost/archive/text_oarchive.hpp>
#include <boost/archive/text_iarchive.hpp>

#include <iostream>
#include <fstream>

using namespace std;
using namespace cnn;

int main(int argc, char** argv) {
  cnn::Initialize(argc, argv);

  // parameters
  const unsigned HIDDEN_SIZE = 8;
  const unsigned ITERATIONS = 30;
  Model m;
  SimpleSGDTrainer sgd(&m);
  //MomentumSGDTrainer sgd(&m);

  Parameters& p_a = *m.add_parameters({1});
  Parameters& p_b1 = *m.add_parameters({HIDDEN_SIZE/2});
  Parameters& p_b2 = *m.add_parameters({HIDDEN_SIZE/2});
  Parameters& p_W = *m.add_parameters({HIDDEN_SIZE, 2});
  Parameters& p_V = *m.add_parameters({1, HIDDEN_SIZE});

  // build the graph
  Hypergraph hg;

  // get symbolic variables corresponding to parameters
  VariableIndex i_b1 = hg.add_parameter(&p_b1);
  VariableIndex i_b2 = hg.add_parameter(&p_b2);
  VariableIndex i_b = hg.add_function<Concatenate>({i_b1, i_b2});
  VariableIndex i_a = hg.add_parameter(&p_a);
  VariableIndex i_W = hg.add_parameter(&p_W);
  VariableIndex i_V = hg.add_parameter(&p_V);

  vector<float> x_values(2);  // set x_values to change the inputs to the network
  VariableIndex i_x = hg.add_input({2}, &x_values);
  cnn::real y_value;  // set y_value to change the target output
  VariableIndex i_y = hg.add_input(&y_value);

  // two options: MatrixMultiply and Sum, or Multilinear
  // these are identical, but Multilinear may be slightly more efficient
#if 1
  VariableIndex i_f = hg.add_function<MatrixMultiply>({i_W, i_x});
  VariableIndex i_g = hg.add_function<Sum>({i_f, i_b});
#else
  VariableIndex i_g = hg.add_function<Multilinear>({i_b, i_W, i_x});
#endif
  VariableIndex i_h = hg.add_function<Tanh>({i_g});

#if 0
  VariableIndex i_p = hg.add_function<MatrixMultiply>({i_V, i_h});
  VariableIndex i_y_pred = hg.add_function<Sum>({i_p, i_a});
#else
  VariableIndex i_y_pred = hg.add_function<Multilinear>({i_a, i_V, i_h});
#endif
  hg.add_function<SquaredEuclideanDistance>({i_y_pred, i_y});
  hg.PrintGraphviz();
  if (argc == 2) {
    ifstream in(argv[1]);
    boost::archive::text_iarchive ia(in);
    ia >> m;
  }

  // train the parameters
  for (unsigned iter = 0; iter < ITERATIONS; ++iter) {
    double loss = 0;
    for (unsigned mi = 0; mi < 4; ++mi) {
      bool x1 = mi % 2;
      bool x2 = (mi / 2) % 2;
      x_values[0] = x1 ? 1 : -1;
      x_values[1] = x2 ? 1 : -1;
      y_value = (x1 != x2) ? 1 : -1;
      loss += as_scalar(hg.forward());
      hg.backward();
      sgd.update(1.0);
    }
    sgd.update_epoch();
    loss /= 4;
    cerr << "E = " << loss << endl;
  }
  boost::archive::text_oarchive oa(cout);
  oa << m;
}
```
